docs: add steps to Realtime quickstarts (#15104)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/realtime/quickstarts/presence.mdx

  <StepHikeCompact.Step step={7}>
  
    <StepHikeCompact.Details title="Add to state">

      Subscribe to channel and add to state.

      This will trigger `clientA`'s `sync` and `join` event handlers.

    </StepHikeCompact.Details>

    <StepHikeCompact.Code>

      ```js
        channelB.subscribe(async (status) => {
          if (status === 'SUBSCRIBED') {
            const presenceTrackStatus = await channelA.track({
              user: 'user-2',
              online_at: new Date().toISOString(),
            })
            console.log(presenceTrackStatus)
          }
        })
      ```

    </StepHikeCompact.Code>

  </StepHikeCompact.Step>

  <StepHikeCompact.Step step={8}>
  
    <StepHikeCompact.Details title="Remove from state">

      This will trigger `clientA`'s `sync` and `leave` event handlers.

    </StepHikeCompact.Details>

    <StepHikeCompact.Code>

      ```js
        const untrackPresence = async () => {
          const presenceUntrackStatus = await channelB.untrack()
          console.log(presenceUntrackStatus)
        }

        untrackPresence()
      ```

    </StepHikeCompact.Code>

  </StepHikeCompact.Step>

</StepHikeCompact>

## Presence Key

> By default, Presence will generate an `UUIDv1` key on the server to uniquely track a client channel's state but you may pass Presence a custom key when creating the channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Presence will generate a unique `UUIDv1` key on the server to track a client channel's state. If you prefer, you can provide a custom key when creating the channel. This key should be unique among clients.
```

```js
import { createClient } from '@supabase/supabase-js'

const channelC = supabase.channel('test', {
  config: {
    presence: {
      key: 'userId-123',
    },
  },
})
```

## Client-Side Rate Limit

> There is a default client-side rate limit that enables you to send 10 messages per second, or one message every 100 milliseconds. You can customize this when creating the client:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the client will rate limit itself at 10 messages per second (1 message every 100 milliseconds). You can customize this when creating the client:
```
